active.md, before:

Since I am doing all of this in markdown: https://github.com/adam-p/markdown-here/wiki/Markdown-Cheatsheet

Algorithmic Time Subtraction
----------------------------
https://www.mathsisfun.com/time-add-subtract.html
> Not an actual algorithm as in "someone already wrote it for you in code and everything"
> But it is the logic need for writing your own (which I am implementing shortly since I always wondered how
> to subtract datetimes without using a built-in function, as silly easy as that seems, it has always got me)

MarkdownJournal
---------------
https://markdownjournal.com/
> This is the best journaling software I have ever found. And it is open source!
> See github for source: https://github.com/maciakl/MarkdownJournal/

Workflowy 
---------
https://workflowy.com/
> a time-management / to-do list tool that seems to have a nice, free-form, bullet-point style

Docker Swarm on AWS 
-------------------
http://levvel.io/blog-post/running-distributed-docker-swarm-on-aws/
> A solid tutorial, just seems to be a few month behind when packages started being rolled into
> rpm / apt / other package managers, so the `curl` fetching method for installation seems a bit
> outdated. I wrote a script in SaltStack that handles the installation which seems to be a better
> and more maintainble method for working with this (at least on a single host; multi-host, I am
> still learning)

Commit message:

added haskell programming from first principles

active.md, after:

Since I am doing all of this in markdown: https://github.com/adam-p/markdown-here/wiki/Markdown-Cheatsheet

Haskell Programming from First Principles
-----------------------------------------
Working through this book, currently in preview: http://haskellbook.com

Algorithmic Time Subtraction
----------------------------
https://www.mathsisfun.com/time-add-subtract.html
> Not an actual algorithm as in "someone already wrote it for you in code and everything"
> But it is the logic need for writing your own (which I am implementing shortly since I always wondered how
> to subtract datetimes without using a built-in function, as silly easy as that seems, it has always got me)

MarkdownJournal
---------------
https://markdownjournal.com/
> This is the best journaling software I have ever found. And it is open source!
> See github for source: https://github.com/maciakl/MarkdownJournal/

Workflowy 
---------
https://workflowy.com/
> a time-management / to-do list tool that seems to have a nice, free-form, bullet-point style

Docker Swarm on AWS 
-------------------
http://levvel.io/blog-post/running-distributed-docker-swarm-on-aws/
> A solid tutorial, just seems to be a few month behind when packages started being rolled into
> rpm / apt / other package managers, so the `curl` fetching method for installation seems a bit
> outdated. I wrote a script in SaltStack that handles the installation which seems to be a better
> and more maintainble method for working with this (at least on a single host; multi-host, I am
> still learning)
